Migrate notary developing content (#1395)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/5.0/developing-applications/notaries/_index.md

    weight: 4500
section_menu: corda5
---
# Notaries

> This section outlines what you need to know to get a notary up and running on a Corda 5 application network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section outlines how to get a notary up and running on a Corda 5 application network.
```

* [Network Member Roles]({{< relref "../notaries/network-member-roles.md" >}})
* [Notary Plugin CorDapps]({{< relref "../notaries/notary-plugin-cordapps.md" >}})

> ## Points to Note

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> * Notary virtual nodes use an additional “uniqueness” database for capturing state data for double-spend prevention. This is similar to the existing “crypto” and “vault” databases. Currently, when auto-provisioning virtual node databases, a uniqueness database is always provisioned, regardless of whether it is a notary virtual node or not. This will be addressed in a future release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< note >}} 
Notary virtual nodes use an additional “uniqueness” database for capturing state data for double-spend prevention. This is similar to the existing “crypto” and “vault” databases. Currently, when auto-provisioning virtual node databases, a uniqueness database is always provisioned, regardless of whether it is a notary virtual node or not. This will be addressed in a future release.
{{< /note >}} 
```
